[Music]
the way you hold hands with your partner
reveals a lot about your relationship
there were always little signs here and
there that can say a lot about a
couple's true behind-closed-doors
dynamic and holding hands is definitely
one of them that's simply because body
language is your subconscious speaking
putting your innermost feelings on
display
so what deepest and darkest secrets can
it uncover about your relationship it's
time to find out but before we get into
all the juicy details make sure to
subscribe and hit that notification bell
there now you'll never miss a thing on
the bright side
number nine down facing palm this
hand-holding technique is super common
among lovebirds around the world and it
has a great meaning to it to couples
that hold hands like this have a strong
bond based on sincere affection being
the most passionate couple around may
not be your main thing but you know each
other very well and cherish one another
and here's a fun fact
whoever's palm is facing downward or
behind it tends to have a stronger
personality and often takes initiative
when it comes to making important
decisions it doesn't mean that one of
you is above the other though you're
still equals in this relationship
[Music]
number eight interlocked fingers
now if down facing palm is just common
interlocked fingers has to be the most
popular way of holding hands ever like
seriously how many couples do you see
holding hands like this every day
exactly this gesture symbolizes passion
and a strong connection between two
people if you and your partner don't
mind meeting each other halfway you're
gonna be just fine when holding hands
like this it's also important that both
of you hold the other's hands firmly if
your partner's hand is too relaxed it's
not a good sign it may mean that
something's lacking in your relationship
if you feel that might be the case talk
it out after all proper communication is
crucial for any relationship to work out
number 7 the over-the-shoulder lock
another cool alternative to interlock
fingers this way of holding hands brings
partners closer than any other type on
our list there's no distance between you
two which symbolizes how loving and
intimate your bond is the one whose arm
is wrapped over the other shoulder takes
a lot of pride in the relationship the
over-the-shoulder Lock basically means
that you're having a lot of fun together
your relationship is strong and you'll
do anything to protect one another from
any harm you're definitely a couple
everyone looks up to so don't let this
special connection fade away number six
the one finger hold this incredibly
endearing and cute gesture means that
both you and your partner value your
independence and that's amazing you're
too strong and successful individuals
who respect each other's space and
privacy but can create a powerful Union
at the same time however if you are
holding hands differently before and
then suddenly switch to the one finger
hold it can indicate that you're going
through at delicate moments in your
relationship
perhaps one of you feels the need to go
back to just being friends maybe it's
time to have an honest talk about where
your relationship is going and what
should be done to fix it number five
reinforcements from the other hand if
you notice that you or your partner uses
reinforcements from the other hand quite
often this can either be a really good
sign or a red flag on the downside it
can indicate an overly possessive person
that wants to put extra emphasis on how
you are there's to own and control
however if this is the only sort of
controlling behavior your partner shows
that's probably not the case
reinforcement can also be a sign that
things are getting serious between you
two gone are the days of uncertainty and
awkwardness that fill the early stages
of any relationship you know that you're
happy with this person and they feel the
same just try to keep this special flame
burning number four the wrist grab at
first glance it may seem like a
possessive and even aggressive gesture
that shows the desire of one partner to
control the other however we all know
that first impressions can be quite
misleading right and that's certainly
the case here
if you and your partner liked to gently
grab or hold the others wrists from
behind with your forearms crossing it
means that you enjoy every second that
you spend together
you're not just lovers you're best
friends and can tell each other anything
you two are never bored in each other's
company and unlike couples that crave
time apart
you wish for more time together so it's
safe to say that whatever you're doing
is working out great for your
relationship so keep it up number three
linked arms linked arms has that sort of
m'lady feel to it don't you think so
regal
[Music]
maybe that's why you see it a lot
whenever couples attend some social
event however if you and your partner
hold hands like this every day it can
mean that the one who takes their
partner's arm is seeking protection or
feeling a little bit insecure in the
relationship it's only natural if you've
just started dating but if you've been
going steady for a long time it may be a
sign that something's bothering your
partner and it doesn't necessarily mean
that it has something to do with you
your partner may have their own personal
problems and obstacles that they're
struggling to overcome make sure that
your special someone knows that you love
them and that they can count on you for
support at anytime
number two holding fingers and slightly
pulling the hand this gesture may show
that a couple is not in the same place
emotionally and mentally
more specifically whoever's pulling the
others hand might be trying to force
their partner to make decisions faster
than they're used to it can also
indicate that one of you is fed up with
the routine in the relationship both
interpretations aren't that great right
if you feel like there's some truth to
that and you see other signs in your
relationship that only confirm it don't
be afraid to open up an honest dialogue
with your partner again communication is
key if you want to make this work you
should be able to discuss anything it
may save your relationship and help you
understand each other better
[Music]
number one without holding hands
if your partner always tries to avoid
holding your hand it may be a sign that
they're just not that into you on the
other hand it could simply be shyness or
desire for privacy and more independence
everybody's unique and we all have our
own preferences maybe your boyfriend or
girlfriend just isn't the hand-holding
type don't make snap decisions based on
this one clue and keep observing other
signs in your relationship you probably
have nothing to worry about if it still
really upsets you and unleashes a whole
spiral of awful thoughts in your mind
just tell them how you feel and ask what
it's all about
after all it's always better to know the
truth and there you go you now know all
the psychological secrets hidden in
different types of hand-holding just
take it with a grain of salt of course
how a couple holds hands is just a tiny
part of the whole picture so it can't
predict the success or failure of a
relationship all by itself it's a good
place to start but always look for other
clues if you're having doubts about your
partner's emotional investments in your
relationship and again talking openly
and honestly will never let you down so
did any of these descriptions match your
relationship dynamic tell us in the
comments below
don't forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to always stay on the bright
side of life
you